You might have to click OK if it
asks you to.
OK.
As mentioned in the consent
process, you'll be seeing two
types of pictures in this study.
The first type is graphic
novels.
They are series of pictures that
tells a story. Imagine you're
telling the story to someone who
cannot see the pictures.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story.
Each story is around 30 pages.
Please try to take around 10 to
15 minutes to tell the story and
I will also keep track of the
time as we go through the story.
So the first story.
OK.
I can't read the the story.
That is OK. It will not. That is
just, um, won't matter at this.
Yeah, it won't matter, OK.
#START_journey So this there are
some children here are playing,
they look to be anywhere from 5
to 12 years old, and they're
playing outside an old building.
And in the city.
There's a mailbox there and they
have one of them has a bicycle
and they seem to be very
friendly with each other and
they are playing near a corner
because there is a traffic light
there.
And there is a fire hydrant as
well and this is picture is
showing the sewer underneath the
street. So it's a cutaway of in
the building. There's another
picture to the right.
That's showing a cut through of
a building, and there's a little
girl sitting on the steps,
looking somewhat despondent. She
has a scooter, a red scooter,
and.
Inside the building it what is
probably her mother is preparing
something on the stove.
And there's a room in front of
her.
And a stairway. So you upstairs
there is a man at a desk with
books. He must be in his office
or his study. And there's
another little girl.
Uh, in another room upstairs.
And downstairs we see the water
heater and what looks to be an
oil tank.
OK.
Uh.
OK.
The mother is talking on the
phone while she's cooking at the
stove, and the little girl with
the scooter has brought the
scooter inside the house and is
there probably trying to help
her mother.
Now she has.
Uh is taking with her has gone
to see the man who is looking at
a computer. What looks to be a
computer.
And she has with her.
Something that looks like a
kite, that's a red kite I would
say, and she is trying to talk
to him. He doesn't seem very
interested in talking to her.
Then she approaches another
sister. What it looks to be a
sister who was trying to.
Read on the couch and she has
the kite with her and is trying
to show it to her.
And then we shall see a picture
of another little girl in her
bed in her which is probably her
bedroom.
Maybe this is the same little
girl with the kite. The kite is
no longer in evidence, but she
is there. She's wearing the same
clothes, looks like a T shirt
and shorts, and there is a cat
also in the room, curled up,
sleeping.
And now here the little girl has
the cat is leaving and there is
a red item.
That maybe belongs to the little
girl who the cat had that under
him, so he probably grabbed it
from her and was sleeping on it.
She has a map on her wall and
you can see some of the
buildings outside her room. She
has a chest of drawers there and
it's a high ceiling room. Small
but.
Uh.
It appears to be a room that
she.
She has for herself.
Then in the next one she is
taking this red object. I can't
tell exactly what it may be as
some kind of a pen because she
is drawing on the wall with it
and.
There are papers there, but she
isn't drawing on those. She's
drawing on the wall with this
red object.
And then she's making a door in
the wall and when she has made
that door, it's an archway and
she is able to open it and go
into the next room. Amazing. And
the door has become red.
And in the next room, everything
has been rather colorless, kind
of a sepia color until now, with
the exception of the scooter and
this red pencil pen.
And now we see some green in the
adjoining room where she is has
gone through the wall.
Oh, now we see that she has
connected with she's gone
through a wall, making her own
door, and she is now in a woods.
Lots and lots of trees, and
there are many balloons hanging
from wires throughout these
woods and there's a road, rather
a river going through it.
Through the woods.
And.
She goes down the river.
And is carrying her red as is
must be a magic pen.
And there is also.
Something in the river that has
a similar pen.
Uh and there are lights hanging
to light her way. She is
standing on a projection of kind
of a dock that projects out into
the river and looking down into
the river.
And she.
Goes to the end of the dock with
her magic pen and starts to
draw. She draws a little skiff.
And gets into the skiff. The
skiff turns red, the dock is
green, and she gets into the
skiff and goes floating down the
river.
Amazing, yeah.
Now here she comes in her skiff
through the river and she is
approaching this huge castle.
With a lot of minarets and
turrets and there's a Moat
around this castle.
Apparently she is on her way to
the entrance. She is between the
walls of the entrance and it
appears that she is able to get
in there.
In her magic boat.
Uh.
Now then, she has gone over a.
Now I'm blanking out what you
call them the.
Locks when you have different
levels of water in the uh in a
lake or a body of water.
And she has gotten through one
of those and is being greeted by
what looks like a guard.
Waving to her and there are
other guards or people in
uniform, I should say. What what
they may be. They must be
guardians of this castle.
And they're saluting one of them
is saluting her.
Others are waving to her, so she
is apparently known to them and
maybe owns this castle.
Anyway, has a proprietary
interest in it, shall we say.
There are other people on barges
there, gondolas maybe, that
they're pulling along that look
as if they may be working
somehow within this castle.
There's a waterfall coming from
one area that's replenishing the
water down below.
And there are several passages,
water waterways where she could
go, so we're going to see what
happens to her. There are gold
colored turrets on the top of
some of these.
Edifices.
Uh.
OK, whoops. She has come to the
end of one of these and there's
a giant waterfall that she is
going to be.
Cascading down with that
waterfall into what looks like.
Uh, there's some, really.
Foaming water.
Looks like it might be very
dangerous, but again she takes
out her magic pen.
And leaves the boat. The boat
falls down, but she is up here
above it, marking out a what
appears to be a circle that she
will probably be able to.
Go through.
Ah, she's made herself a
balloon. That's a.
That she can be in a hot air
balloon and she's now up in the
sky and she's floating by a tall
tower with a.
Ah, they are
It's a. It's a boat with an
arrow and it's a.
Ha ha.
Blank out the word for it.
Anyway.
Ah.
Need to think. It will come to
me. In any event, they are
waving to her, so she's they're
not uh that's not an expected.
This apparently is something
that she does frequently.
Um.
Ohh.
What I'm trying to think of is
it designates the direction of
the wind.
Uh, anyway, uh, then we see over
in the right hand a lot of
cumulus clouds, and she is now
on a what looks to be a paddle
wheel.
uh boat, but it's a plane
instead. There are a number of
objects in the sky here, and she
is standing on one of them. It
appears to be an old-fashioned
boiler of some kind with an old
fashioned paddle wheel. But it's
there's a bird.
Looks to be a bird that is a
pink. It's not red, but it's
pink. So it's another form of
life I would say that we haven't
seen.
Yeah or before.
OK, so she's back in her balloon
and she sees that thing go by.
It looks kind of like a
dirigible.
Uh.
And there are some people on it.
Uh, trying to catch this bird,
this pink bird. Apparently
that's something valuable.
And they have a cage for it on
their
Vehicle. And again we have the
other piece that has a propeller
and it has a paddle wheel and it
has an old-fashioned looks like
a plane. And again a number of
ways of going, moving through
the air.
And here it is again. This is
that a lot of moving parts.
And the.
The dirigible is there with the
people who are trying to catch
the bird, or over in the one
area there is a what looks like
an eagle.
Or a some kind of a.
A bird of prey a.
In gold, on the top of this
boat, who appears to be steering
it, and then on the back of it,
she is coming toward a woman and
a child, two children and a
woman, and up on the top of this
machine, this oiled machine. And
there's another dirigible in the
background. So they must be.
One form of transportation that
are relatively common. And then
there's this large one that, as
I say, has a number of ways of
getting around.
Now she has landed on that
large.
Vehicle.
And is running down a
Bridge.
And there are some people up on
another bridge who appear to be.
Dancing.
And there is a closer up of the
winged bird.
And some people underneath
there, they appear to be guards.
Ah, they've got that pink bird
in the cage and it's being
guarded by some soldiers who
appear to be kind of Egyptian
type soldiers. But the top on
the.
Where they are keeping the bird
looks more Chinese, and now in
this one she is climbing a
ladder with her magic marker.
Uh, coming toward the bird. Ah,
she's grabbed the bird.
And the soldiers weren't
looking, and she managed to
snatch the bird away in its
cage.
And now,
We see another cutaway of this
ship. Yes, it looks this is the
ship part of it and what they
are doing, the people who are
running the thing with all of
its mechanisms.
Inside and they are running
after her and she.
Is letting the bird go free, has
taken it out of its cage and is
letting it go free but her magic
marker is left on the deck here.
They're coming toward it, and
she has let the bird go.
And they've grabbed her and her
magic marker has fallen off. So
she is not, does not have that
with her.
And the guards seem to be
annoyed that they're they're
going to punish her because the
bird has escaped the cage that
they had it in. So now they have
taken her and put her in a cage
and they're dropping her from
one of the parts of this.
Vehicle.
From behind with the where the
propeller is. And here comes the
bird toward her. She's in this
cage.
But the bird is coming with her
magic marker.
Amazing.
And now she has the marker, the
bird is on her shoulder and she
is making another.
Space where
Magic will happen again.
And here she is on a red carpet,
a flying carpet. The bird is
leading her and she is. She has
escaped from this cage and it's
looking down on this.
Vehicle tram transport thing. It
looks like the whole city is on
it and people are living there,
but she has gotten away from it.
And is.
Is uh.
Has escaped with her bird.
Now it's nightfall and she is on
her flying carpet in the sky
with a lot of stars out there.
You can see some mountains in
the distance.
And there is the bird ahead of
her. She's following the bird to
well, it looks like a tropical.
Area. There's a palm tree of
some kind and it looks very
serene, and there's water below,
but nothing that appears to be.
Dangerous.
And she is back on land again
with her bird, and the bird has
a.
House has a lodging. It's a its
own door is colored the same as
in the bird.
In in in what appears to be a
tree, and she is leaving her
magic carpet and approaching
that door.
She comes to open the door, and
the bird is.
Welcoming her, and the bird
flies into its tree.
And she takes her marker and
follows the bird into the tree.
Now we're back to the original
city scape.
Where the kids are running and
there's a little boy who is has
a magic marker the same color as
this bird, which is the pink
bird.
And the little girl is coming
out of the mailbox with her
magic marker.
Now we see the girl and the boy
and the bird is there with them
and she is making a mark with
her marker, some circles. And
the little boy is making his
circle so they are playing the
game that.
They have.
Made up and had this adventure.
And all has ended well.
And here they are on their
bicycle with the red and the
purple, pinK purple.
Markers. So they have.
This is Alice in Wonderland.
#END_journey
OK, so that was the story.
So the next item is also a
graphic novel.
Again, please describe what you
see and what is happening as we
go through the story.
#START_arrival_2 Hey, this is in
again uh sepia and black and
white.
Somewhat monochrome.
And we see.
what appear to be uh, people
Immigrating.
They're traveling in any case.
And writing. One of them is
writing in a book.
And has made a a paper airplane
out of one of the pages.
Uh, what he's written on it and.
Uh.
Is.
It appears he's dropped it,
where maybe somebody can find
it.
Yeah, it has turned into, uh,
he's looking into the sky and he
sees many, many of these, what
could be that paper,
Transformed into flying
creatures that are going to be
dispersed everywhere. And these
people, it seems, are on a ship.
Uh.
Looking up and this is a very
hopeful kind of picture.
There they're coming into a city
looks like New York.
And they are looking at.
A couple of people who appear to
be the heads of State, probably.
One with an animal on his arm,
and these people are.
Shaking hands or doing a fist
bump. One has a bird on his
shoulder and the other one has
maybe a rabbit with a long tail.
And they are peacefully
conferring. Appears to be. There
is another boat in the harbor.
Looks to be a ferry boat.
So this is a bunch of people
coming from a foreign land into.
The city.
Oh quite big great big ocean
liner.
Uh.
That's a lot larger than the
ferry boat.
And now we see some of these
people close up, what they look
like.
And uh.
We are connecting to the shore
and the people are getting off
of the ship.
And they appear to be huddled
there and.
Probably not knowing what's
happening. They all have
luggage. Not very much luggage,
but something with them.
It appears that, that is, this
is a new beginning for them.
#END_arrival_2
OK, so that was the story, um,
in the beginning we said that
there will be two types of
pictures. You've seen some
graphic novels and the other
type is complex scenes.
Imagine you're describing the
scene as someone who cannot see
the picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see in
the scene as thoroughly as
possible. Please try to take
between three and five minutes.
So this next item is a complex
scene.
This is one picture. It is on 2
pages of just one scene on 2
pages.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Now we've got here something
that entitled dinosaurs,
spacemen and ghouls, like a take
on them from a movie they're
shooting.
uh it's a scene.
There are dinosaurs on one part
of it, and in another part there
are spacemen and what appears to
be a machine that could get you
to space.
With other means of
transportation on water.
And the ghouls.
Flying saucers.
Also aliens, not actors. Anyway.
And then here are all the people
who are making this movie down
in the front part of it and the
extras and all of the people and
equipment that is being used.
So we see that they've got.
Very colorful dinosaurs, not so
colorful people wearing
loincloths and rudimentary
clothes on one side. And so this
is apparently going from way,
way back the dinosaurs.
To something in the future, to
spaceman.
And those people are.
It shows the scaffolding and all
of the.
Props that are needed to.
Make this kind of a picture.
And all of the people who are
are being used to accomplish
that.
Uh.
That.
Uh.
There are a lot of cameras up
above and.
Showing all the lights.
Here are a couple of the people
who are, looks as if they've got
a volcano going there with the
dinosaurs and.
Anyway.
That's what I see here.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK.
And we can go on to the next
one.
This next item is a again a
graphic novel, so please tell
the story as we go through it
and try to take between 10 and
15 minutes.
#START_wanderer OK. We have a
couple of people here who are
assembling what appears to be a
boat out of a single piece of
paper or a single sheet of
whatever it is, and they're
folding that in such a way that
they will be able to make a
vessel out of it.
Uh.
And it could be described as a
paper hat.
Or something that people could
get inside and could sail away
on that. They uh one of them has
got horns on him and.
A costume or uniform.
Maybe, like some of the Vikings
who did sail in Viking ships a
long time ago.
And one of the other person is
appears to be a.
A person who is living today is
just dressed very casually and
as if he might be near a beach,
and they appear to be near a
beach.
In a place where it's very, very
casual.
And not at all high tech.
Contrast this rudimentary boat
that they have assembled.
With, and you see it now on the
water over on the right hand
side compared with.
Gigantic boat ship.
With, uh, a piece underneath it
to.
Dive with looks as if it could
be.
Uh, disassembled from the boat
that is
Is carrying it and people could
go in this to very deep water.
And on this ship, there are a
lot of balloons.
That are carrying it where it
needs to go, and the ladder is
to get up to those balloons. And
it looks like quite a city on
this ship all by itself, but a
lot of people on it. And there's
a propeller, an old-fashioned
propeller at the same time.
But it is what has the the
original ship of the little, the
little.
Hat. Compared with what has.
People have been able to do to
improve on that.
{This story is around 40 pages
long, so little longer than the
other stories. Um, you can kind
of looking at that time to OK,
then I need to go faster.
Yeah.}
Now we have birds flying,
there's the little paper ship on
the sea, and these are gulls.
Gulls looks like.
That are flying over the ship,
over the little boats.
And in the water there is a
whale.
And there are some turtles and
what me they must be the
turtles. And they're
investigating the little boat
that that we'll call it the hat.
The hat and the gulls are flying
over, so they're all looking at
that. The whale is looking at
it, the Marlin, other fish, and
it looks like a coral reef here.
And the boat is coming up, the
wheel has come up underneath the
boat, so the boat is not even on
the water anymore.
And here is a.
You have all of the creatures
that are in this coral area.
Here's the boat who is come up
on it that is no longer has
enough water to float on. So it
is on the boat on the reef along
with all the fish who live
there.
Yep.
And now it's got enough water on
it so that it can go ahead and
there are some creatures that
again are investigating it from
this side. There are a lot of
fish that seem to be living
happily there, Pairs of fish,
as well as other assorted. So
now we've got the boat. There's
a fishing pole coming off of the
boat and one of the fish has
been hooked on it, somebody's
fishing from the boat.
You.
Now here's another view of
everybody trying to get a view
of this boat.
Uh, and there is.
They've got onto the boat, some
of them.
And one of the snakes from down
below has gotten onto the boat
to see what's there.
And there were a lot of rays on
there underneath the water.
OK, now we have what appear to
be birds. This is up above over
the water now, and these have
grown from the water and are
bushes or trees or where there
are a lot of birds gathered and
there's something in the boat. I
can't tell exactly what it is if
it's a small creature.
And.
Down is sort of showing fish
below the water surface and the
boat.
In these trees with the birds in
them, so it's a scene of an
ecological system, I would.
Now here we are. This looks like
a seahorse in the boat with a
companion and they're in these
area of maybe these are
mangroves. They are clearly some
aquatic.
Flora.
And fauna.
And they look like creatures
with eyes that are looking at
the boat to see what's going on
with it.
And now we have more underwater
creatures in the boat going
along.
The seahorse and companion
looking out to see what's going
on and other seahorses who are
under the water who have seen
this boat go by. And the sea
horse in the boat has jumped out
to the other seahorses that he
has seen under beneath the water
and he's very interested in
them.
And here's the whale.
With a bunch of creatures on
him.
Uh, looking at the boat and
hanging something from head.
So this is a female whale, maybe
a very enticing and is trying to
lure the boat closer.
Now here's the boat in with a
bunch of creatures who are now
above the water.
And some of them are in the air,
and the boat appears to have
been.
There's nobody in it except for
this creature that's going to
leap into it. But the seahorse
has gone to meet his friends
underneath the ocean,
apparently, and so the boat is
left to the vagaries of the
tides.
And here is the boat out on the
water by itself. Uh, with the
stars in the sky and the moon. A
partial moon. Again, very calm.
uh landscape.
Hard to tell what's going on. We
don't see all of the creatures.
Whoops. Now we have the boat
here with a lot of interested.
creatures
Fish, underwater creatures who
have come up to see what this
boat is. It's surrounded it.
Now the boat is sailing into
what looks to be a giant
curtain.
Coming out of the sky, we'll see
what that is about. Everything
has been in black and white so
far.
And now we have something coming
out of the water and the boat is
going to have to sail around it.
Because, oops, now it's able to
go through it. There are things
in it, and it's hard to tell
where it may go, but the boat
seems to be without any kind of
navigation, any rudder.
It's just going to go where it
will go.
And now there is something
coming up underneath the boat
and it looks as if it's a diver.
Who is surrounded with things
has many ways of of doing
something to the boat.
And he's got it in his hand and
he's seeing what it is. Many
things going on here, not sure
what.
And now,
The boat.
Is left by the wayside here as
this gigantic ocean liner comes
up.
And we see that it has an anchor
on it and it is floating by
these trees and.
Whatever it is there that is
coming out from the water.
And this is night time and the
birds are flying. They're one of
them has.
Stopped in the boat.
And.
They're diving into the water.
To see what's there. And in the
background there is a what looks
to be a castle.
Has come up out of the water and
it is.
Has fish on it and cranes on it
and it looks to be there is
something being built there on
platform.
For the trees in the background.
Now there is coming out of the
sky what appear to be.
Bombardments of something.
From the side of the boat,
possibly we have the anchor
ready to drop and now we have
the diver who.
Appears to have been on a
rocket.
The rocket maybe has been
underneath the water. Here's the
little paper boat again and
there is something in it. Maybe
a life raft, a life.
Life saver.
sort of thing.
So here's the boat again, with
the diver investigating it, and
now we have from the land.
Horses and.
A whale is coming.
Bunch of creatures. A cat.
Uh.
Several things. Hard to tell
what they are, whether they're
aquatic or what. And then we
have the original Viking person
with the horns and the.
Uniform with a cape.
Now here's a big wave that is
bringing everyone together.
People are having fun. They're
in a kite.
Flying through the air, the
horses are trying to get up on
what looks to be a giant snail.
And the wave is.
The boat is coming unraveled and
back to its original piece of
paper, or its flat sheet, we
should say.
As the no, there it is
underneath the wave.
Right there on the left and the
wave is overwhelming everybody.
Now we have a storm with
lightning and Thunder. And here
is the man's missive,
apparently. His paper airplane
that has.
Flown out from where he?
Send it when he came on to the
shore.
And here is the boat again. And
there have been there's a lot of
snail, and not snails, but
snakes.
Aquatic creatures which have
taken over the they're coming up
out of the sea, and the boat is
going to have to make its way
through these openings.
And here is a sea horse of some
kind there. The boat is
threading its way through trying
to get to outside of this this
overwhelming snake like
creatures that are.
Somewhat threatening, but it
appears there are some friendly
creatures at the end of this
tunnel.
Where the boat is coming out by
itself.
And the boat has made it. It's
being filled with water from
these whales and friendly
creatures. And there's another
one up here on the land that
looks like a beach that people
have made a mess of. And this
creature is.
Hard to tell whether it's fish
or fowl. It's got wings and.
Uh.
It appears to be a friendly
creature, but the whales uni
with a Unicorn horn on it.
It's hard to tell if they are
friendly or not to the boat.
Now we have a lot of jellyfish,
inundated with jellyfish, and
the boat is floating in the sea
of jellyfish.
And they're all gathered to see
what it is.
And here it is again. More fish.
The boat is kind of flying in
with all of these other
creatures way down deep in the
water.
And now here is a light shining
on some baby creatures of some
kind. The boat is in there, and
here is a sunken boat, now that
this little.
Boat is passing by. We see this,
the wreckage of a former large,
large boat that has sunk.
Down here there is another sea
serpent.
And here is a close up of the
sunken boat.
That which is holding up the
little boat from which there is
water pouring out, and the other
boat it looks like a pleasure
boat that has been engulfed by
creatures from the deep.
Whales and star sea serpents and
so forth. And here are seals
that are playing with the little
paper boat.
The.
Fish and Flora and the coral
reefs are.
Growing underneath the sky with
the clouds look appears to be a
nice day up above and all of
these things are going on
underneath the sea, but the
seals are having a good time
with the little boat.
And here is the diver, seeing
all kinds of interesting fish
down here, and the little boat
has now has another little boat,
and they are bobbing on the
surface and all the creatures
underneath are letting them go
by.
And here we have a lighthouse
and the boats are passing by the
lighthouse, and here is a.
Diver on his looks to be some
kind of a he's riding something.
And there's a buoy. The
creatures are trying to climb up
the buoy and the birds are on
top of it. Difficult day on the
water.
And ships in the background,
there's a gigantic bridge, boats
of all kinds going by, and fish
underneath the sea.
And steamboat and a sailboat.
Forget what they're called, but
the you know the many, many
sails.
And what looks like a.
Some kind of a a gala place for.
Celebration at the end of a long
pier.
And here is the bottom of the.
Ocean liner with a small boat
coming next to it. A tugboat.
It's coming into the harbor of
the city.
And.
Here is the whale coming up from
the.
Deep. And the ocean liners with
all of the people greeting them.
And the tugboat has brought it
in to the port.
Here's our little boat again,
who has survived this journey
and has come at the same time as
the giant boat.
And it's still there in the
harbor keeping an eye on
everything that's going on and
here is.
The.
Thing that with where they
descend into the deep. I forget
what they're called with what it
looks to be an amalgam of.
The seahorse and other diver.
And.
The city going on in back of the
building being built.
Now we have we have caught some
creatures.
Uh, that are coming up on this
boat that looks to be like a
ferry boat. And they're
observing that the.
The little paper boat.
Uh.
That boat is still in the harbor
here, looking at what's going on
with all of the buildings that
are part of the landscape now.
Here is the city looking down on
it with this creature with the
wings and the bathing suit and
the spots on him and wings not
wings, but.
Propellers that like a
helicopter who is able to go
anywhere, apparently winging his
way over this city.
Which has the river going
through it and the little boat
on the river. So it's a part of
the whole.
Of the city.
And here is a close up of the
little boat and all of the
revelers here are the people who
are have been involved in this
story with a cat up at the top
the horse.
Harlequins.
What looks like a snail.
Gigantic snail.
Sea monsters.
These are.
This is where the river is going
underneath the city, and there
goes the little paper boat,
still intact.
Another closer up of a little
little.
tugboat.
And the stair is going on up to
the surrounding the river in the
city. So you have the the case.
Here's your boat again, still
floating in the river.
And now there is somebody in it.
This is a person, appears to be,
who is going from the boat.
He must have come out from the
river and is going up onto the
land and seeing somebody else up
there greeting someone up there.
#END_wanderer
OK, that was a long story and
it's it's a real. OK that was
good.
And moving on, this is a complex
scene. Please describe what you
see and what is happening in
this scene.
With details and please take
between three and five minutes.
#START_being_a_pirate OK, 150
years, 250 years ago being a
pirate. And so this is
apparently a depiction of a
pirate ship, and the pirate is.
No.
All of these little boats are
coming out and from the land
they're shooting from the land.
It's hard to tell exactly what's
happening because there are
shots being fired from this
boat. Hard to tell who are the
pirates and who are.
Dash.
We've got a part. Here's the
pirate ship.
Just one.
At least it has the Jolly Roger
or the on it.
Uh.
And they're firing on this boat,
or they're firing from the boat.
And it's really difficult to
say, oh, here's another boat
over here, this one here, which
is.
that the pirate that looks to be
a pirate ship, and there's a
small one. To tell the truth,
it's very difficult for me to
tell what who's who in this
picture.
There is a an octopus in the
middle of it, who is taking in
the whole thing.
That's kind of fun.
And here is another boat that is
apparently capsized here in the
middle of the thing. And here's
somebody out here.
None of the sails are up, but
everybody is out there trying to
see what they can see.
Hard to say.
Confusing.
Yeah, one boat here that is
broken in half.
And people are in the water, but
nobody seems to care much.
OK.
{Anything else you want to say
about this picture?} Well, I'm
looking, I'm trying to see,
trying to make out something
that I haven't seen in it. Have
a bunch of people in the water.
It's really.
Hard to say who's who's getting
the better of anybody, if there
is such a thing.
Oh, here is another pirate ship
over here on the other side, but
those people aren't seeming to
do anything. I don't know.
That's confusing that picture.
OK. #END_being_a_pirate
OK, shall we go on to the next
picture?
#START_exhibit_12 OK, the Great
Portrait exhibition and we're
looking for characters that we
have seen before. That's going
to be tough.
We have several tiers here where
people can be.
There are some pictures on the
wall.
Some that have not been hung
yet. Here people are still
trying to get to some place on
the wall and people everywhere
on all three.
Floors.
Of this gallery.
And people climbing up ladders
to.
Further ones.
Uh, again, it's pretty.
confusing. uh, the walls are all
red.
Kind of bizarre for an exhibit,
but what do I know?
And at least the stairs the
superstructure is white, so you
can at least make that's
definitive.
Otherwise it just seems to be a
giant miasma of people and.
Artwork.
{Yeah, you don't have to.
Tell a story. You can just
describe what you see in the
picture.} Yeah, well, I I see a
lot of people. There is just a
mob of people.
That you can't see very much of
anything. And if you've been in
a museum where there are a lot
of people, you can't see any of
the art anyway.
So that isn't unlikely.
It's so small that it's hard to
tell.
In any individuals I think see
there is somebody here who is
appears to be running.
But it's hard to tell from any
expression on any faces what
people are doing, whether
they're happy, sad.
uh whether they're. It's hard to
say why they're there other than
just to be there.
Makes you want to get away from
it quickly.
It makes you want to get away.
Yeah.
If there's somebody still over
here hanging in one of the
paintings.
Over here anyway.
It seemed to be mostly portraits
on the walls.
Uh, rather than places. And
somebody looks like a king here,
and a clown and a.
Uh.
Rembrandt I see.
Uh.
Anyway.
There are some people dressed
as.
And, and from other centuries,
there's some people here wearing
bathing trunks.
So there's a really flotsam and
jetsam. #END_exhibit_12
OK.
Then we can finish up with one
last one.
Double check.
So this will be the last one.
You described today.
So please describe what you see
in detail. #START_wild_west OK
there this is a.
Lot of pictures of places that
we one might have seen in the
West, the Wild West as it calls
itself.
There's a saloon, there's the
jail, the those seem to be two
fixtures of.
The Wild West.
You went one from one to the
other and a hotel.
That's.
The bank. There's always bank
robbers.
There is a a horse in the middle
of the street, people walking
through the street.
Dress as Cowboys with cowboy
boots.
Uh, very few women in here.
Here are a bunch of well looked
to be bison.
prints.
Uh.
There is a general store.
But more saloons than anything.
Uh, the stable.
Ohh.
The blacksmith.
And here looks like a train.
Some people arriving in a
Stagecoach here and the train
and there aren't a lot of horses
in here for some reason. There's
just one that I see.
I find kind of odd.
In the livery stable, there
aren't horses. Well, there's one
horse over here riding off into
the sunset. That's typical.
In the old movies. Ohh. Here's a
horse here at the blacksmith.
Ah.
Kind of an amalgam of what we
used to think of the Wild West
as.
{They don't do those stories
anymore, do they? mix and?
Roy Rogers and John Wayne, of
course. And yeah, all those
people.}
Here's some people who look very
contemporary, woman carrying a
handbag and another with a towel
over her arm.
Hmm.
Yeah.
A lot of bright colors.
So much action, so much
excitement, that I wonder if the
real Wild West was as bright and
colorful as this. I doubt that.
No, I think the whole Wild West
was a lot of dust.
#END_wild_west
Yeah.
OK. Well, thank you for your
time today. OK.